Fix semantics error occured when user selects vividus language mode for new text file that was not saved on the disc (#369)
vividus-framework/vividus-studio: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

* (Fixes https://github.com/vividus-framework/vividus-studio/issues/367) Fix meta parsing to not consider  meta sign in step as part of meta tags block

> * Fix semantics error occured when user selects vividus language mode for new text file that was not saved on the disc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix semantics error occurred when user selects VIVIDUS language mode for new text file that was not saved on the file system
```
